Add a sentence and an example for custom log class (#2513)
doctrine-extensions/DoctrineExtensions: doc/loggable.md

### Loggable annotations:

- **@Gedmo\Mapping\Annotation\Loggable(logEntryClass="my\class")** this class annotation

> will store logs to optionally specified **logEntryClass**. You will still need to specify versioned fields with the following annotation. If you decide to use a specific class, this class must be extend the ``Gedmo\Loggable\Entity\MappedSuperclass\AbstractLogEntry`` class.
> - **@Gedmo\Mapping\Annotation\Versioned** tracks annotated property for changes

Reviewer: ```suggestion
will store logs to optionally specified **logEntryClass**. You will still need to specify versioned fields with the following annotation.
- **@Gedmo\Mapping\Annotation\Versioned** tracks annotated property for changes

**Note:** If you need to use a different class, it must extend ``Gedmo\Loggable\Entity\MappedSuperclass\AbstractLogEntry``.
```

</doctrine-mapping>
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

<a name="custom-logentry-class"></a>

## Custom LogEntry class

```php
<?php

namespace Entity;

use Doctrine\ORM\Mapping as ORM;
use Gedmo\Loggable\Entity\MappedSuperclass\AbstractLogEntry;

/**
 * @ORM\Table(
 *     options={"row_format":"DYNAMIC"},
 *     indexes={

>  *      @ORM\Index(name="log_class_lookup_idx", columns={"object_class"}),
>  *      @ORM\Index(name="log_date_lookup_idx", columns={"logged_at"}),
>  *      @ORM\Index(name="log_user_lookup_idx", columns={"username"}),
>  *      @ORM\Index(name="log_version_lookup_idx", columns={"object_id", "object_class", "version"})
>  *  }

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 *         @ORM\Index(name="log_class_lookup_idx", columns={"object_class"}),
 *         @ORM\Index(name="log_date_lookup_idx", columns={"logged_at"}),
 *         @ORM\Index(name="log_user_lookup_idx", columns={"username"}),
 *         @ORM\Index(name="log_version_lookup_idx", columns={"object_id", "object_class", "version"})
 *     }
```

 * )
 * @ORM\Entity()
 */
#[ORM\Entity]
#[ORM\Table(options: ['row_format' => 'DYNAMIC'])]
#[ORM\Index(name: 'log_class_lookup_idx', columns: ['object_class'])]
#[ORM\Index(name: 'log_date_lookup_idx', columns: ['logged_at'])]
#[ORM\Index(name: 'log_user_lookup_idx', columns: ['username'])]
#[ORM\Index(name: 'log_version_lookup_idx', columns: ['object_id', 'object_class', 'version'])]
class ParameterHistory extends AbstractLogEntry
{
    /*
     * All required columns are mapped through inherited superclass
     */
}
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

</doctrine-mapping>
```

<a name="custom-logentry-class"></a>

## Custom LogEntry class

```php
<?php

namespace Entity;

use Doctrine\ORM\Mapping as ORM;
use Gedmo\Loggable\Entity\MappedSuperclass\AbstractLogEntry;

/**

>  *

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
BTW, try to mimic the structure defined by the `@DoctrineAnnotation` CS ruleset (see #2507).
